Doc: Anonymous events (#9497)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data/events.mdx

- Sending data to webhooks is triggered by ingesting specific events.

## Anonymous vs identified events

> PostHog captures two types of events: **anonymous** and **identified**. Identified events enable you to attribute events to specific users, while anonymous events do not contain individually identifiable data.

Reviewer: You could add PII as a event property to an event, so saying "anonymous events do not contain individually identifiable data" isn't 100% true.

```suggestion
PostHog captures two types of events: **anonymous** and **identified**. Identified events enable you to attribute events to person profiles, while anonymous events do not.
```
